when our roster was announced everyone
was like really skeptical is like why'd
you signed our Doc Phoenix of a frog and
xD like that kind of stuff and like the
saving grace was like oh we have an
average bottom lane and then it was like
we got SKT top let's go everybody well
it is the fourth day of LCS in 2018 with
coverage presented by Omni slash I'm
joined right now by doc who remains
undefeated looking pretty good for it I
mean a lot of people are rooting against
you whenever this stuff happened you've
got a lot of haters out there but you
you're looking good in game and I think
we're you were getting a ton of credit
on the analyst test sorry the state farm
analyst ask about your plays in that
game so you know are you riding high
right now as a feeling good I mean
overall mood is obviously really good
because we played to really close games
and really fulfilling games cuz we ended
up winning but I don't think anybody on
the teams overall really very happy with
the level of play we're kind of giving
on stage right now but I mean it's
definitely entertaining yeah yeah
because I I look at those games in fans
walk I like being like that's awesome
but I know often times players in those
games were like oh my gosh we should
have lost that game we suck so it's it's
probably this mixture of feelings for
you guys yeah I mean we understand that
if like if we got in that position again
against a stronger more coordinated team
we should have lost a lot faster but
yeah I mean everyone's still pretty
shaky in the early season so we were
managed to scale and plateau and so
what's the deal with TSM you just played
them you you had an hour of analysis and
game with them so what what's going on
they're really good players and really
smart players individually but it
doesn't seem like they are cohesive
enough or even at times it feels like if
we were in a similar position on echo
fox we would be way more decisive and
kind of like force the game to get into
a point where we need to get in a
position to win because it they were on
a clock that whole game and they just
kind of sat there and let us farm do you
do you think that that will get better
is it just a team cohesion thing they
haven't screamed that much and then
they'll do the classic TSM thing of
suddenly powering up and destroying in
playoffs I think most of the problems
are
honestly coming from my Keung where I
watched the gameplay a lot and he's you
know either in the wrong spot doing the
wrong thing or just not playing
confidently enough where they're they
put him on J for lost game and he wasn't
very confident his engages they weren't
very aggressive with their lead but yeah
it just seems like he seems
uncomfortable playing with the team but
yeah I think all their issues are just
it just gonna take some time yeah so I
ask you that's not because I I want you
to talk your old teams but because
I it does feel like things are very
different on this team compared to the
ones that you've been on previously just
like the vibe of watching you guys over
hang out and sort of the conversation
I'm hearing from everybody it just feels
like this is very different so what what
is it like for you playing on echo fox
first some of the past experiences
you've had I guess the biggest I guess
the biggest change is this that everyone
is very welcoming of me and most of
these other teams where I join midway
through split or halfway after a split
it feels like I'm not necessarily well
it's like I'm coming in and everyone's
expecting a really good player but
they're like you know like in every
conversation and I'm not that guy
outside a game like everyone can vouch
for me like I'm a good I'm a good kid I
try my best I I genuinely care about
people's feelings that kind of stuff
it's just oh yeah I have it I have a
temper problem I had a temper problem in
the past but it's something I've worked
on for the last two years really really
hard and it's been the main thing that
the main criticism I've gotten over the
last few years it's just my attitude is
a problem so I put all my focus on it
for the last two years and it's getting
a lot better yeah yesterday in a clip
that they aired before your guys's match
there was a section in it where you were
saying your dad can argue with hooni cuz
he was on SKT you're like how am I gonna
argue with that guy like he was just in
the World Finals I asked honey if he
ever if you ever argue with them he said
one time but he on you that's his
response is that is that pretty much how
that went down
yeah essentially he told me my path my
path was garbage and I asked him why and
he gave me the reasoning and there was I
was missing information that he had so I
was like I can't do that because of this
and he was like no you can and then he
he was just like you're wrong straight
up and I was like after I thought about
it I was like yeah he's right he's right
it's funny how that goes okay so
this echo fox rampage I think a lot of
people would not have predicted echo Fox
before o at the start everybody's
talking about TL TSM how long should
echo fox fans expect this to go on for I
mean its best of one so streaks can end
literally any day if we show up on stage
and we have a bad game like it's just
gonna happen
so I mean legitimately I could I mean
I'd say that that the street could end
next week where people are they were out
- people are out to get us now obviously
so the only other undefeated team right
now it's hundred these but they're
playing right now so I'm not sure if
they're gonna win or lose but yeah I
mean the street could end any time I
don't I'm not really nobody's really
focused on the streak we're all really
just looking towards playoffs in Worlds
and what is allowing you guys to win
this stuff like what why is echo fox
stronger than the teams that you're
beating I think we genuinely have a lot
of trust at each other as individuals so
we know that you know it's like a baton
passed off the game we're like early
game everyone trust me to get us the
lead and then if I don't get us the lead
everyone trusts the carries to carry the
game after so we all just have different
stages of the game where our champion
need to needs to take the lead and how
we're going to play as a team so we just
kind of passed the baton and like we had
to trust we had to really trust in
Phoenix and Johnny today and they really
pulled through and with echovox I was
watching the game brick Fox in the crowd
just like losing his mind but also
chance coming in for echo fox in a game
where you're playing against TSM
everyone would expect to hear the lis
literally for as long as league has
existed there's been TSM chance but
we're hearing really loud echo fox
chants what's it like for you to be on
this team that's starting to get you
know this was not a very popular team
previously now it's got a lot of fans
and I think you guys are building
momentum what's it like for you to kind
of be a part of that it's definitely a
really positive change given that when
our roster was announced everyone was
like really skeptical is like why'd you
signed our Doc Phoenix over frog and xD
like that kind of stuff and like the
saving grace was like oh we have an
average bottom Lane and then it was like
we got SKT top let's go everybody but
now we're kind of showcasing that all
the signings were really good me and
Phoenix are definitely top tier in our
roles Johnny and Adrian they don't
really crumble to anybody even Ben and
mithy who's the best European duo for
however long they stacked up well
against and I think I mean huni's
obviously just a beast
or is there anything that you want to
say to any of the fans out there thank
you to all the echo fox fans constantly
supporting us hopefully we have proved
that we're not gonna explode well I mean
we haven't lost yet so I guess you can
still have that argument but we're gonna
be fine just keep thank you for your
continuing to support us thank you so
much for the interview
looking forward to seeing you guys come
back on the rift next week and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel why
haven't you subscribed yet you should
definitely see that Omni slash and I are
bringing you these interviews you
haven't done it it's just so
disappointing please please subscribe